
Our product’s experience begins with the landing page. It boasts a minimalist color scheme that is primarily grayscale with blue and yellow colored icons and buttons to draw attention to the possible actions that users can take. We found that students associate the color yellow with Thorne and the color blue with Moulton, so we decided to take advantage of this already-accessible color scheme and integrate it in our design. We designed this page keeping in mind the human page-scanning Z-pattern, with an upper border that includes our logo, a central vibrant image that relates to our product, information about the product in the bottom left, and a call-to-action that leads the user to our product’s primary features via sign-up and login.

Our sign-up and login pages were inspired by Bowdoin’s Okta login screens, where there are images alongside the register and login interfaces. We thought that such a choice would remind users that they are using a Bowdoin-based product, as our user base is entirely students who encounter the Okta page daily. The images do not distract from the task that the users are completing thanks to the extensive use of whitespace, bold text, and colors that draw the users’ attention to the registration task. 

Upon registering, the users are led directly to the login page for a seamless experience. The login page has nearly the same exact format as the register page with the image-form layout being flipped and with a different image, connecting the two pages but making them different enough so users recognize quickly that it’s a different process when they are registering and logging in to our page. Overall, we kept the register–login process very similar to what is standard across today’s websites as it is a process that most if not all users are familiar with. We found no need to revolutionize this process.

Based on our needfinding surveys, we found that the most common features that users would like to see in a product like ours were the activity level of the halls and the menus. So, upon login, users are brought to the menus page which shows exactly this. We determined in our user-study sessions that users preferred the check-in buttons on the top of the screen to quickly access this information, so we decided to show these first and the dining hall menus second. Initially, the check-in and menu sections were solid filled colors, but after negative feedback in our user studies, we decided to simplify the design to colored borders. The menus with heavy text were left aligned to take advantage of the human page scanning F-pattern. 

There is a separate friends page which is clearly accessible through the navbar that is consistent through the pages. After our paper-prototype user studies, we determined that it would be best to keep friend information on a separate page, as having too much information on one page confused the users. This page follows the same theme as the menus page with blue and yellow bordered sections in the same orientation as the previous page. The colored buttons help to quickly determine which action they are associated with. When friend requests are sent through “Quick Add,”  you can see the request in the “Pending Requests” section. When friend requests are accepted, they are moved to the “My Friends” page. Once friends are added, you can see their dining hall status in the “My Friends” section next to their names.
